Q1. What is a computer ?
Answer. A computer is an electronic device that stores and processes data , often in binary form , in accordance with commands from a variable programme.

Q2. What is RAM ?
Answer.  RAM is a common computing acronym that stands for random access memory . Sometimes it is called PC memory or just memory . In essence , RAM is your computer or laptop’s short term memory . It’s where the data is stored that your computer processor needs to run applications and open your files.

Q3. Where is data stored in a computer ?
Answer. The main storage is primary memory , and data and programs are stored in secondary memory . Data is stored as files . Files are atored in folders and folders are stored within drive.

Q4. What is that input device used to type and text and numbers on a document in the computer system?
Answer. Keyboard
              The keyboard is an input device used to type texts and numbers on a document in the computer system. The keyboard keys include the alphanumeric keys(letters and numbers ) , numeric keypad , special function keys , mouse cursor, moving keys .

Q5. What are the output devices ?
Answer. An output device allows the data by the computer in a human- friendly form, for example sound being played through a speaker , Monitor - the main output device of a computer , it forms images by converting electrical energy into light in the form of tiny dots on the screen called pixels.

Some output devices are -
•	Monitor
•	Printer
•	Speakers
•	Projector
•	Headphones

Q6. Which is the input device that allows a user to move the cursor or pointer on the screen?
Answer. Mouse
              The mouse is a small , movable device that lets you control a range of things on a computer.

Q7. Which language is directly understood by the computer without a translation program?
Answer. Machine language is the language which is directly understood by the computer without a translation device .  Machine language is in binary form and binary form contains only 0’s and 1’s.

Q8. What are input device?
Answer. An input device sends information to a computer system . The computer will then display or reproduce that information via one or more output devices.

