Q1. What is statically typed and dynamically typed Programming Language?
Answer. Statically typed : If the memory of the variable is given during the compilation time itself then such types of programming languages are called as “statically typed”.
Eg : C, C++ , Java

Dynamically typed : If the memory of the variable is given during the execution time itself then such types of programming languages are called “dynamically typed”.
Ec: Python,PHP,JavaScript

Q2.What is the variable in Java?
Answer.A variable is the title of a reserved region allocated in memory. In other words, it may be referred to as the name of a memory location.It is a container that holds the value while the Java program is executed.

Q3.How to assign a value to a variable?
Answer. To assign a value to a variable first we need to declare it or we can directly do both declaration with assignment .
Syntax for Declaring a Variable:
Type variable_name [= value];
The variable_name is the name of a variable. We can initialise the variable by Specifying an equal Sign and a value (initialization i.e. assigning an initial value, is optional). However, the compiler never assigns a default
value to an uninitialized local variable in Java.
 Eg : int a = 4;.

Variables can be declared and assigned separately. Example,
int rate;
rate = 40;

Q4.What are primitive data types in java?
Answer. A primitive type is predefined by the language and is named by a reserved keyword.
The primitive data types include boolean, char, byte, short, int, long, float 
and double.

 Q5. what is an identifier in java?
Answer..An identifier is a name given to a package, class, interface, method, or variable. All identifiers must have different names.

Q6. List the operators in java?
Answer. Operators in Java can be classified into 6 types:
1. Arithmetic Operators
2. Relational Operators
3. Logical Operators
4. Assignment Operators
5. Unary Operators
6. Bitwise Operators

Q7 .Explain about increment and decrement operators and give an example?
Answer. Increment operator : this operator increases the numeric value by 1. There are two types of increment operator : 
a.	Pre increment operator
Eg : int a = 4;
       int b =  ++a;
       System.out.println(b);
OUTPUT : 5
b.	Post increment operator
            Eg : int a =4 ;
                    Int b = a++;
                   System.out.prinltn(b);
           OUTPUT : 5
Decrement operator : This operator decreases the numeric value by 1 . There are two types of decrement operator in java .
a.	Pre decrement operator 
Eg int a = 5;
    Int b = --a;
   System.out.println(b);
OUTPUT : 4
b.	Post decrement operator
 Eg : int a =4;
         Int b = a–;
        System.out.println(b);
OUTPUT : 3

