Q1.What is programming language?
Answer. Making a set of instructions that instruct a computer how to carry out a task is the process of programming .In short, a programming language is the way in which a computer programmer “talks” to a device.

Q2. Why do we need a programming language?
Answer. Programming Language is important in our daily life to enhance and increase the power of computers, mobile,solutions, and the internet.
Due to programmes developed by computer programming, you can conduct online banking and purchase
your ticket while travelling by train or aeroplane. It's true that your washing machine has a few different kinds of computer programs. Programming makes it possible for all of these things and many more.

Q3. What are the features of java?
Answer.
Object-Oriented - The features of object-oriented programming are supported by Java. Its object model is
straightforward and flexible
Platform independent - Because Java and C++ are platform independent, application programs created in one Operating system can run on any other Operating system. C and C++, however, are platform dependent languages, making it impossible for application programs created in one Operating system to run in any other Operating system .
Simple - Because Java incorporates many C/C++ capabilities, it is simple to understand
Secure - Java offers a variety of defences against malware and viruses. It guarantees that neither damage nor security will be compromised
Portable - We have the idea of portability in Java. Java allows the same software to run on various platforms .
Robust - It assists us in identifying potential errors as soon as feasible during program development.
Multi-threaded - Java's multithreading programming capability enables you to create a program that executes multiple tasks concurrently
Distributed -Java maintains the TCP/IP protocol and is therefore suitable for distributed Internet environments.

Q4.What is an object ?
Answer. An object is an entity with state and behaviour, such as a chair, bike, marker, pen, table, or car. It could be intellectual or physical (tangible and intangible).
A class's instances are objects. A class serves as a model or blueprint from which new objects can be made.
Therefore, a class's instance (or result) is an object.

Q5.  What is a class?
Answer. A class is a collection of items with similar characteristics. It serves as a model or blueprint from which things can be made. It makes sense as a whole. It cannot be bodily.

Q6.Explain about the main() method in java?
Answer. Main() method is a default signature which is predefined in the JVM. It is called by JVM to execute a program line by line and end the execution after completion of this method. We can also overload the main() method.

