Q1. How to check if git is available on your system ?
Answer . To check if git is available in your use this command 
     git version or git --version

Q2. How to initialize a new git repository?
Answer. To create a new repo, you'll use the git init command. git init is a one-time command you use during the initial setup of a new repo. Executing this command will create a new .git subdirectory in your current working directory. This will also create a new main branch. 

Q3. How to tell git about your name and email?
Answer. If git software is used for the first time we use 
             Git config
The command will set the developer identity like nameM ,email id .This configuration information will be used by git software for every push operation encountered .
> git config: --list // this command is used to provide the list of configuration.

 To set the username and email 
> git config --global user.name "Muskan"
> git config --global user.email  "javamuskan2022@gmailcom".

Q4.How to add a file to staging area ?
Answer. To send the code from workspace to stage area we use the following command
                syntax : git add <file-name>
If we want to push all the files from workspace to stage area,we use the following command.
      syntax: git add .
                  git add --a

Q5.How to remove  a file from staging area ?
Answer.  To un stage the files from staged area to workspace,using the following command
               syntax: git rm --cached <file-name>

Q6. How to make a commit?
Answer. The files which are ready for commit should be in stage area, to perform commit operation we use the following command
               syntax: git commit -m <some-messages>
eg1. git commit -m "first commit" //This file commit all the files present in stage area
eg2. git commit -m "second commit" filename //This will commit only that file into local repository.

Q7. How to send your changes to a remote repository?
Answer. If you made any changes to your code first add it to stage area by using
                 git add .
And to push it to remote repository we need to use following command
     git branch - main
     git remote add origin https://github.com/NitinTechnolog!/Workspace.git
     git push -u origin main

Q8.What is the difference between clone and pull?
Answer. CLONE : It is used to clone the repository to the working directory of the developer.
               Syntax : git clone
PULL : It is used to fetch the latest changes made in the remote repository to the working directory.
                syntax: git pull
