Q1. How to create an object in java?
Answer. To create an object in java we can use the “new” operator to create an object.
New operator is a keyword which is used to create a object. When we say new operator , JVM would allocate memory on the heap area.

Q2. What is the use of new keyword in java?
Answer. New is an operator to create an object , when we say new operator , JVM would allocate memory on the heap area , if we know the class name at the beginning then we can create an object by using a new keyword.

Q3. What are the different types of variables in java?
Answer. Based on the type of value represented by a variable all variables are divided into 2 types. They are:
1. Primitive variables
2. Reference variables

Primitive variable :- Primitive variables can be used to represent primitive values.
Example: int x=10;

Reference variable :- Reference variables can be used to refer objects.
Example: Student s=new Student);
Based on the behavior and position of declaration all variables are divided into the following 3 types.
1. Instance variables
2. Static variables
3. Local variables

Instance variable :-If the value of a variable is varied from object to object such types of variables are called instance
variables. 
Local variable :- Sometimes to meet temporary requirements of the programmer ,e can declare variables inside a method
or block or constructors such type of variables are called local variables or automatic variables or temporary variables or stack variables.
Static variable :- These variables are declared with static keyword and the memory is allocated to these variables at the time of class loading only.

Q4.What is the difference between instance variable and local variable ?
Answer. Instance variable :-If the value of a variable is varied from object to object such types of variables are called instance. Instance variables will be created at the time of object creation and destroyed at the time of object
destruction hence the scope of instance variables is exactly the same as scope of objects.F

Local variable :- Local variables are the variables declared inside a method or block or constructors to meet temporary requirements of the programmer. Local variables are stored inside the stack.

Q5.In which area memory is allocated for instance variable and local variable?
Answer. For instance variable memory is allocated in heap area.
And for local variables memory is allocated in the stack area.

Q6.What is method overloading ?
Answer. When two or more methods have the same name but different argument types , then two methods are said to be overloaded .
Example : class Test {
    public void m1(){
         System.out.println("zero arg method");
    }
    public void m1(int i){
          System.out.println("int arg method");
    }
    public void m1(double d){
          System.out.println("double arg method");
      }
     public static void main(String[] args) {
     Test t = new Test();
      t.m1();
      t.m1(10);
      t.m1(10.5);
     }
  }
