Q1. What is a string in java?
Answer. String refers to an object in java present in package called java.lang.String.
String refers to a collection of characters.


Q2.Types of String in Java are?
Answer.In java strings are classified into 2 types 
1. Mutable String
2. Immutable String
Mutable String :- Once if we create a String, on that String if we try to perform any operation and if those changes get reflected in the same object then such strings are called “Mutable String”.
Example: StringBuffer, StringBuilder
Immutable String :- Once if we create a String, on that String if we try to perform any operation then those changes won’t be reflected in the same object, rather a new object will be created Such type of String is called as “Immutable String”.
Example: String


Q3. In how many ways can you create string objects in java?
Answer. There are 2 ways to create string object : 
By string literals : Java string literal is created by using double quotes.
For example - String s = “Welcome”.

By new keyword : Java string is created by using a keyword “new”.
For example - String s = new string (“welcome”);
It creates two object (in string pool and in heap) And one refrence variable where the variable ‘s’ will refer to object in heap.


Q4.What is a string constant pool?
Answer.The string constant pool is a special memory area. When we declare a string literal , the JVM creates the object in the pool and stores its refrence on the stack . before creating each string object in the memory , the JVM performs some steps to decrease the memory overhead.

Q5.What do you mean by mutable and immutable objects?
Answer.Mutable string :- if we create a String, on that String if we try to perform any operation and if those changes get reflected in the same object then such strings are called “Mutable string”.
Immutable string :-if we create a String, on that String if we try to perform any operation then those changes won’t be reflected in the same oblect, rather a new oblect will be created Such type of String is called as “Immutable
String”.



Q6.Where exactly is the string constant pool located in the memory?
Answer.String constant pool is located in the heap area in the memory. It stores the strings which are created by using string literals.
